>> Steve Kinney: Let's take
a look at what your mission is.
So I have a very similar but
different app, right.
Which is a pizza calculator and the pizza
calculator is gonna take two things,
which is the number of guests and
the slices per person and it tells you
how many pizzas that you need to order.
Right.
By rounding up because if you
can't order two and a half pizzas.
That's not a thing.
And so we can hit reset and
change it back.
Let's look at the code for
this real quick.
>> Steve Kinney: So
the code as it is right now.
>> Steve Kinney: We've got the application
which is effectively the entire component.
Which takes an initial state of
the number of people and slices.
And handles it all in that component.
Our goal, and
frankly to keep things simple,
you don't even have to break this
out into another file, right?
Let's, we've effectively have
the container in this case.
What we wanna do is break out
the presentational component.
So right now, we have this component here,
which is using all of the state,
we wanna pull this out.
We wanna pull this out into
a presentational component.
You can write it as a stateless
functional component,
you can write it as just a component
that has a render function.
You can pull it out, and effectively be
able to pass in all of the props to it.
Let's go back to the pizza calculator.
Clearly it's got an update
the number of people.
This is to update slice per person.
These are now gonna be
ones that are passed in.
We're gonna rip out,effectively what's
gonna return out of the render method is
simply our pizza calculator component that
is gonna receive everything that it needs.
So this will simply render pizza
calculator, pass it in, all of this state
and all these methods for modifying
the state in as prompts, sound good?
All right, let's spend 15 minutes and then
we'll round back and we'll do it together.
>> Speaker 2: Can we actually do 20 so
we can-
>> Steve Kinney: 20.
>> Speaker 2: Evolve the full technical
issue-
>> Steve Kinney: 20 minutes.
[LAUGH]